Changing a content in API Cloud Load Balancing Endpoint (#79)
wso2/docs-cloud: en/docs/learn/integrate-with-backends/work-with-endpoints/ensure-high-availability-of-endpoints.md

    <td><div class="content-wrapper">
    <p>The load balancing algorithm is specified here.</p>
    <p>Click on the cogwheel icon to define the algorithm.</p>

>     <p>The default value is the <strong>Round-Robin</strong> Algorithm, which has the <a href="https://synapse.apache.org/apidocs/org/apache/synapse/endpoints/algorithms/RoundRobin.html">org.apache.synapse.endpoints.algorithms.RoundRobin</a> className. In API Cloud we are supporting only the Round-Robin algorithm. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>The default value is the <strong>Round-Robin</strong> Algorithm, which has the <a href="https://synapse.apache.org/apidocs/org/apache/synapse/endpoints/algorithms/RoundRobin.html">org.apache.synapse.endpoints.algorithms.RoundRobin</a> className. WSO2 API Cloud supports only the Round-Robin algorithm. </p>
```
